README.md, before:

# Android Emulator hypervisor driver

Android Emulator hypervisor driver is a hypervisor to accelerate
[Android Emulator][android-studio]. It is made by porting KVM to Windows
(Windows 7 or later, 64bit).

Android Emulator hypervisor driver runs as a Windows driver. User space
support for Android Emulator hypervisor driver is available from Android
Emulator.

## Notice of the repository name change
Android Emulator hypervisor driver for AMD Processors has been renamed to
Android Emulator hypervisor driver to reflect the fact that it supports both
Intel and AMD Processors. In fact, it supports Intel from version 1.0. The
old name was chosen because Intel users were expected to continue using Intel
HAXM.

## Download and Install
Android Emulator hypervisor driver is released through [android-studio].
However, only Android Studio with version 4.0 canary 5 or above can both
download and install/update the driver. Otherwise, the Android
Studio will only download the driver package without performing installation.
In the latter case, users are required to install the driver manually.


Prerequisite:
1. CPU has virtualization extension and BIOS has NOT disabled the extension.
2. Hyper-V must be disabled. Refer to [this
   page](https://github.com/google/android-emulator-hypervisor-driver-for-amd-processors/wiki/Is-Hyper-V-really-disabled%3F)
   for more information.

Install Instruction:  
  
Use an administrator command console to execute "silent_install.bat" inside
the driver package. Make sure you see the desired output from the installer:
STATE: 4 RUNNING

## For Windows 7 users
According to Microsoft, SHA1 driver signing is deprecated (Read more
[here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/install/deprecation-of-software-publisher-certificates-and-commercial-release-certificates)
). Version 1.8 (or above) cannot be loaded on Windows 7 by default. Please
use version 1.7 instead. Users may disable driver signature enforcement in
order to use version 1.8 or above.

## Contributing
If you would like to contribute a patch to the code base, please read
[these guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Reporting an Issue
You are welcome to file an issue at [Issuetracker]. Please remember to supply
your OS information, CPU model in addition to details on the issue.

## Notes
A patched QEMU can be found here at [github]. However, there is no support for
it. Use at your own risk.

[android-studio]: https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html
[github]: https://github.com/qemu-gvm/qemu-gvm
[Issuetracker]: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues?q=componentid:192727

Commit message:

Change AEHD minimal requirement from Windows 7 to Windows 8.1.

README.md, after:

# Android Emulator hypervisor driver

Android Emulator hypervisor driver is a hypervisor to accelerate
[Android Emulator][android-studio]. It is made by porting KVM to Windows
(Windows 8.1 or later, 64bit).

Android Emulator hypervisor driver runs as a Windows driver. User space
support for Android Emulator hypervisor driver is available from Android
Emulator.

## Notice of the repository name change
Android Emulator hypervisor driver for AMD Processors has been renamed to
Android Emulator hypervisor driver to reflect the fact that it supports both
Intel and AMD Processors. In fact, it supports Intel from version 1.0. The
old name was chosen because Intel users were expected to continue using Intel
HAXM.

## Download and Install
Android Emulator hypervisor driver is released through [android-studio].
However, only Android Studio with version 4.0 canary 5 or above can both
download and install/update the driver. Otherwise, the Android
Studio will only download the driver package without performing installation.
In the latter case, users are required to install the driver manually.


Prerequisite:
1. CPU has virtualization extension and BIOS has NOT disabled the extension.
2. Hyper-V must be disabled. Refer to [this
   page](https://github.com/google/android-emulator-hypervisor-driver-for-amd-processors/wiki/Is-Hyper-V-really-disabled%3F)
   for more information.

Install Instruction:  
  
Use an administrator command console to execute "silent_install.bat" inside
the driver package. Make sure you see the desired output from the installer:
STATE: 4 RUNNING

## For Windows 7 users
According to Microsoft, SHA1 driver signing is deprecated (Read more
[here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/install/deprecation-of-software-publisher-certificates-and-commercial-release-certificates)
). Version 1.8 to 2.1 cannot be loaded on Windows 7 by default. Please
use version 1.7 instead. Users may disable driver signature enforcement in
order to use version 1.8 to 2.1.

Starting from version 2.2, Windows 7 is not supported any more.

## Contributing
If you would like to contribute a patch to the code base, please read
[these guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Reporting an Issue
You are welcome to file an issue at [Issuetracker]. Please remember to supply
your OS information, CPU model in addition to details on the issue.

## Notes
A patched QEMU can be found here at [github]. However, there is no support for
it. Use at your own risk.

[android-studio]: https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html
[github]: https://github.com/qemu-gvm/qemu-gvm
[Issuetracker]: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues?q=componentid:192727
